Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in this lecture we're going to look at importing multiple classes from a module so we can import
as many classes that we need into a program file if we want to make a regular e-reader.
And then a Kindle Fire e-reader in the same file we need to import both classes e-reader and Kindle
Fire.
So let's do that now.
So import Now as you can see on the right hand side I just have my program as we've done in the last
couple of lectures all their so on the left hand side import from lecture 100.
And I'm just incrementing these lectures as I go.
The last one was 99 to before that 98 sorry and that should be from.
So from lecture 100 hundred import now.
So how do we import multiple classes.
Well the reader is the first class we want to import come on Kindle Fire.
So there are two classes now imported from lecture 100.
Now how do we use the two classes where we say let's say my my black and white so my BW e-reader and
that's what a Kindle Paperwhite e-reader is it's black and white.
So my e-reader equals e-readers Let's call that class our first e-reader class or our main class.
I suppose our parent.
And then what do we have.
Well let's make Amazon and my brackets want run way around as my ID has highlighted that its model is
paper weight.
Don't forget quote's paper weight backlight so it has a backlight so adjustable as we've seen previously
adjustable back light next.
And several months of battery life.
There we go.
And then it's screen type is tray hundred deep.
Now how would we call this what we would say after I close my quote We would say
my BW e-reader does get e-reader get underscore e-reader underscore name brackets that see what happens
if we run this.
There we go.
Amazon paperweight just put back like seven months of battery life.
Now let's call our Kindle Fire class.
So my color e-reader
equals Kindle Fire bracket's my make is Amazon same because these are from the same company.
It's like different model phones or something like that.
And this one is called a Kindle Fire Don't forget your quote Kindle Fire.
There we go.
Next it has a color the backlight has a color screen so we'll just leave that as color screen color
screen.
It's battery life is 12 hours so 12 hours of battery.
And finally it's screen is 12:18 by 800.
Now and again we call that we say print my color e-reader don't get e-reader name brackets.
Let's run that and see what we got.
Amazon Kindle Fire.
Perfect.
So we import most of our classes from a module.
By separating each class with a comment once we've imported the necessary class we're free to make as
many instances of each class as we need.
So thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.